How to be an 
Eggplant 
        Zeke was a zucchini, much like any other.  However, unlike most 
zucchinis, he didn't really like zucchinis at all.  He was an eggplant kinda 
vegetable himself.  This worried him.  If all the other zucchinis found out 
that he was really a closet eggplant, they'd shun him, and then he'd have 
nobody to go to the meat market with. 
        Not that anybody in GardenLand really ever ate meat;  they just liked 
to go to the meat market for an excuse to socialize.  For, except the 
rutabegas and the turnips, all the vegetables in GardenLand were quite 
talkative, and liked nothing more than to spend their day chatting about the 
weather and how antisocial the turnips and rutabegas are. 
        Thus, Zeke decided to make himself a model zucchini - one which 
others could look up to and say: "My, what a wonderful zucchini.  If only our 
little Zappy could be like that!".  And he worked hard at it.  Every day he 
polished himself hard and carefully, making sure that he had just the right 
degree of shine, and that he didn't damage himself at all. 
        Soon, the other vegetables began to take notice.  A family of 
zucchinis once walked by, and Zeke overhead the mother saying: "My, what a 
wonderful zucchini.  If only our little Zappy could be like that!"; and Zeke 
was proud.  His friends tried to get him to enter the GardenLand beauty 
pageant.  First prize was a two week stay at the lovely Hotel des Legumes 
right in the center of the meat market, where Zeke could socialize to his 
hearts content. 
        "Come on! Zeke," they encouraged. "Why, with skin that shiny, you're 
a sure bet!" 
        To which Zeke would reply: "Yes, but what what about that Rosa Dee 
Anna, that red delicious apple?  You guys know that red delicious apples 
always win these contests.  They're without a doubt the shiniest and most 
elegant things around!" 
        "Yes," they agreed, "but the times they are a changing, and you could 
end the fruit domination at the pageant, and start a new vegetable dynasty!" 
To which they all cheered and applauded. 
        So it was that Zeke was entered in the 235th Annual GardenLand Beauty 
Pageant.  It was a mammoth affair, spanning three full days, which the people 
loved, for it gave them an excuse to socialize with everybody else, except for 
the rutabegas and turnips, who didn't really go for events like this. 
        There were to be ten events spanning those three days, as well as 
numerous meals, which nobody would eat because, as you know, the citizens of 
GardenLand aren't cannibals.  The first event was to be the Topsoil Toss.  In 
this, the contestants would stand on stage, and have topsoil tossed at them by 
members of the audience for ten minutes.  At the end, the shiniest and 
cleanest looking vegetable was declared the winner.  The crowd gathered 
eagerly, awaiting the imminent arrival of the hopefuls. 
        Backstage, Zeke glanced around at his fellow competitors, and noticed 
rather glumly that he was the only male contestant entered.  In fact, this 
wasn't entirely true, since there was a male turnip, named Timmy, entered. 
Timmy was quite shiny, and could have made even some of the finest red 
delicious apples jealous, except that there was still no way in hell that he 
would win, because nobody really likes turnips (nor rutabegas for that 
matter), and they certainly weren't going to let one win a contest. 
        His eyes passed over a few petite strawberries, a tomato, some 
tangerines, and a few others, to finally settle on the body of the ever lovely 
Rosa Dee Anna, the red delicious apple.  She was practically sparkling and her 
three green leaves were arranged perfectly atop her lovely bodice.  She was, 
without a doubt, the most beautiful thing that Zeke had ever seen. 
        Her eyes passed around the room to settle on his, and they stared 
curiously at each other for a few moments.  The silent exchange was broken 
finally by the ringing of a small bell, indicating that it was time for the 
contestants to go on stage for the first event.  Zeke looked at himself one 
last time, quickly brushed off a speck of dust from his body, and shuffled 
out onto the stage as directed. 
        There was quite a large crowd gathered in front of the stage, all 
eager to see the contestants.  Many cheered for the female contestants, and 
most just laughed when Timmy the turnip came out, because nobody really liked 
turnips.  A large murmur of awe moved through the crowd when Rosa Dee Anna the 
red delicious apple came out on stage, and, much to Zekes surprise, when he 
came on stage as well. 
        As the contestants were being lined up, Zeke's eyes were looking for 
his friends.   He finally found them and saw that they were cheering him quite 
loudly.  Suddenly, a whistle blew, and large chunks of topsoil began to fly at 
the stage.  Zeke stood there for the full ten minutes, silently praying that 
his long hard hours of polishing and caring would not all be for nothing at 
this moment.  Several of the contestants fled the stage, including the tomato, 
who had three large holes in her. 
[In fact, several years ago, some members of the Tomato Community had tried to 
put and end to these contests, claiming that they were unfair and dangerous 
for the health of the tomatoes, as well as other fragile members of 
GardenLand, like the peaches.  However, most people just laughed at them and 
called them a bunch of softies.  Thus, the contests continue.] 
        When the whistle blew at the end, all the contestants looked around at 
each other to see who was the dirtiest.  This proved to be a difficult task 
indeed, as pretty well all the entrants were a total mess.  Rosa Dee Anna 
stood pouting, for here three green leaves had been messed up, and were now 
all covered in dirt.  Nastasia the nectarine, another of the crowd pleasers, 
was in tears, as there was very little pink, orange, or red left showing on 
her.   
        Zeke looked down at himself to see that he was also somewhat dirty, 
but had been spared some of the humiliation his peers had suffered.  As he was 
doing this, the judges got up on stage, and started surveying the contestants 
closely, chatting amongst themselves.  They came up to Zeke, mumbled something 
to each other, and continued on.  They came near Timmy the turnip, snorted 
derisively, and continued on to look at the other contestants. 
        In the end, they stood there deliberating for a few minutes, and then 
finally came back on stage.  Their leader, a very old and large potato, took 
the microphone, and coughed loudly, nearly deafening half the audience. 
        "Ahem!  Excuse me.  Might I have your attention please?"  He coughed 
again a few more times.  "It gives me great pleasure to announce that the 
winner of the Topsoil Toss in the 235th Annual GardenLand Beauty Pageant is -" 
He paused for dramatic effect, "Zeke the zucchini!" 
        The crowd roared.  Zekes friends jumped up and down and cheered 
themselves hoarse, nearly damaging some nearby bananas in the process. 
Nastasia the nectarine continued crying, only with more enthusiasm now, and 
Rosa Dee Anna pouted.  Zeke merely stood there dumbfounded.  He had won?  He 
had actually won the first event of the beaty pageant? 
        The same thoughts were passing through his head as the contestants 
were led off stage.  A small meal was to be served for the audience - which 
nobody would eat because, as you know, the people of GardenLand aren't 
cannibals - and the contestants were to have time to clean themselves off. 
        The day proved to be long for the entrants in the pageant, and 
thouroughly enjoyable for the audience.  Before the days end, the Salad 
Dressing Contest and the Homemaking Contests had been completed.  The final 
event of the day was to be the 'Chat With the Judge', which Zeke dreaded. 
        The contestants all were lined up on stage, and one by one, had a 
small five minute talk with the judge.  One question all were asked was why 
they had decided to enter the contest. 
        When it got to be Rosa Dee Anna the red delicious apples turn, the 
judge asked her some questions about her childhood, and then asked her: 
"Rosa Dee Anna, why did you decide to enter the contest?" 
        To which she replied:  "Well, because I believe in Mother Nature, and 
the government of GardenLand, and I firmly believe that if I can win a contest 
like this, then I can be a really positive influence on my people, and my 
friends, and I can really help out those less fortunate than us like the 
MacIntosh and Granny Smith apples of GardenLand who generally don't have very 
nice lives like I do and then the world can be a better place for everybody to 
live in." 
        The crowd cheered.  Granny Smith apples were generally considered to 
be rather a sourpuss lot, and while they weren't as bad as the rutabegas and 
turnips, they certainly weren't the happiest bunch. 
        When it came to be Zekes turn, the judge asked him some questions 
about his schooldays, and what he learned, and what his interests were, and 
then he popped the question: 
        "Zeke, my boy, just why, why did you enter this contest?" 
        Zeke almost froze.  He stood there for a few minutes staring dumbly at 
the crowd.  His friends cheered:  "Come now Zeke, give the man his answer! 
You'll win no problem!" 
        So, Zeke cleared his throat and said, "Uh, because my friends told me 
to." 
        Rosa Dee Anna won the 'Chat With the Judges' Contest hands down. 
        At the end of day, Zeke was exhausted. He had won the Topsoil Toss and 
the Homemaking Contests, but Rosa Dee Anna the red delicious apple had won the 
Salad Dressing and the 'Chat With the Judges' Contests.  He went home and 
slept deeply until the next morning. 
        The second day of contests went rather quickly.  There were three more 
events, of which Zeke won one, Nastasia the nectarine won one, and Rosa Dee 
Anna the red deliciuos apple won one.  At the end of the day, Zekes friends 
convinced him to go out for a beer with him - which, by the way, nobody would 
drink because, as you know, the people of GardenLand aren't cannibals. 
        "Way to go Zeke!"  they encouraged.  "Why, I'll bet they're all really 
scared now.  I mean, think of it:  VEGETABLE WINS THE 235th ANNUAL GARDENLAND 
BEAUTY PAGEANT.  I mean, if that were to be in the papers, the fruits would 
never live it down."  Which was of course, a moot point becuase the people of 
GardenLand don't have newspapers, seeing as they're not cannibals. 
        "Yeah, " agreed Zeke, "but remember that I'm still tied with Rosa Dee 
Anna at three events.  She could take two of them tomorrow, and that'd be it." 
        "Oh, stop worrying.  You'll win no problem!" 
        So, Zeke went home and slept.  When he woke up, he quickly wiped off 
the dew from his body, and dashed over to where the final three events were to 
be held.  A large crowd was gathering, and most of the contestants were 
already there. 
        Rosa Dee Anna the red delicious apple was there as well, arranging her 
leaves atop her lovely bodice.  It was all Zeke could to prevent himself from 
drooling on the ground.  He finally regained control of his senses and walked 
up to her. 
        "Uh, hi there,"  he said.  She continue to arrange her leaves, and 
said nothing.  Zeke looked about for a second.  "Um, well, good luck today! 
It's been a lot of fun."  The silence continued, so Zeke turned around and 
started walking over to where his friends gathered. 
        "Hey!" came the voice behind him.  He stopped and turned around, to 
see Rosa Dee Anna the red delicious apple talking to him.  "Good luck to you 
too."  He nodded and hurried over to where his friends were. 
        The morning went rather quickly.  The first event, the 'Pose for the 
Cookbook' Photography contest was won by Rosa Dee Anna the red delicious 
apple.  Zekes heart fell.  However, his friends cheered him on, and he ended 
up winning the second contest of the day - the White Wine Sauce Dressing 
Contest. 
        The final event of the pageant, was the most popular.  It was the 
'Jump Into a Glass of Water' contest, where the crowd finally got to see how 
the contestants bodys' compared.  In it, each contestant would jump into a 
large glass of water, and then walk about on the stage, showing off all the 
droplets of water on his/her bodice. 
        Rosa Dee Anna the red delicious apple was first, and the crowd cheered 
vigorously when she began to strut about the stage.  Some so vigorously, in 
fact, that the rutabegas and turnips serving as security had to warn them to 
calm down, which, not surprisingly, was a role well suited for the rutabegas 
and turnips, who weren't really sociable and really did wish that the other 
people in GardenLand would just shut up sometimes. 
        When it came to be Zekes turn, he jumped into the fresh glass of water 
laid out for him, and began to walk around the stage after he got out.  He 
began to blush furiously when all the females in the audience started 
whistling and stamping their feet, which probably wasn't really worth pointing 
out, because it's kind of hard for something that's a dark shade of green to 
blush a bright red. 
        After the contest,  the judges convened to their table in front of the 
stage.  The crowd awaited tensely.  This was the event that could decide it 
all.  Zeke the zucchini, and Rosa Dee Anna the red delicious apple, both had 
four points apiece.  Nastasia the nectarine had one point, and even though he 
really should have had at least  some, Timmy the turnip had none, because who 
would actually let a turnip win something? 
        The judges finally got up, shook hands, and the oldest and largest of 
them, a potato, and their leader, got up on stage, and promptly keeled over. 
The crowd gasped, and some of the turnips and rutabegas who were on hand as 
medical personnel, which is again not surprising, seeing as they're so well 
suited for morbid tasks, jumped on stage and began to work on him.  Finally 
one stood up, and grabbed the microphone. 
        "Ahem.  Attention you loud noisy beasts,"  he boomed, which only drew 
loud snorts from the audience.  "French fries for dinner.  Could another judge 
please come up and finish this god awful contest please?"  And with that, the 
turnips and rutabegas carried the old, large, and dead Head Judge off the 
stage. 
        A smaller judge came up on the stage and grabbed the microphone.  "It 
gives me great pleasure," he squeaked, "to announce the winner of the 235th 
Annual GardenLand Beauty Pageant.  The winner is -", he paused for dramatic 
effect, which really bothered everybody because they wanted to know who won so 
they could start talking about it. 
        "ZEKE THE ZUCCHINI!" 
                                   * * * 
        Later that night, as Zeke sat in his house, not eating his dinner (he 
wasn't a cannibal either), he thought about the past three days.  In general, 
he had to admit that he was quite happy. He had been the talk of GardenLand 
for almost three whole hours; an unprecedented occurrance. 
        However, there was still something just not quite right.  He was still 
a zucchini, and still liked eggplants better.  He decided to go see his 
doctor, Doctor Graham Scott the granny smith apple, in the morning and have a 
talk with him. 
        He walked in to the office, and left his name with the Nurse, Nurse 
Carrie the cherry.  He sat down in a chair next to a raspberry and her 
daughter who were engaged in a lively debate over whether or not they were 
related to kiwis or not. 
        "Um, let me see now... Zeke the zucchini.  Is there a Zeke the 
zucchini here?" 
        Zeke looked up to see Doctor Graham Scott the granny smith apple 
looking around the room.  He stood up, and followed the doctor into a small 
office. 
        "Now Zeke, what seems to be the problem, my son?" asked the doctor. 
        "Well, you see, it's like this.  I've been a happy zucchini for the 
past little while now, but I just can't help but feel that I'd be a lot 
happier as an eggplant." 
        "Hrm.  That's a tough one.  Have you considered psychiatric 
counselling?  You know, from a boysenberry or something like that." 
        "Well, I was just kinda hoping that I could get a vegetable change 
operation or something like that, "  suggested Zeke. 
        "Hrm.  That's a serious one.  We do have operations for turning 
zucchinis into cucumbers, and maybe even lettuce with a little effort, but not 
an eggplant.  I do know of one man who might be able to do it, but he lives 
quite far away."  The doctor got up and looked at his RoloDex for a few 
minutes.  "Ah yes, here he is:  Doctor Crane Toldenbaum the cherry tart, over 
in DessertLand.  He used to be a cherry and dabble in stuff like that, but an 
operation to convert a pea into a watermelon got a bit out of hand, so now he 
just converts pastries into danishes in his spare time." 
        Zeke thought about it.  Perhaps this man could help him.  He decided 
to give it a try.  "I'd like to call this man and give it a try," said Zeke. 
        "Very well, " sighed the doctor, "but I would really be much more 
happy if you'd just accept that there's really nothing wrong with being a 
zucchini." 
        "Thank you doctor, but I have my mind set on this.  I'd much rather be 
an eggplant."  And with that, Zeke got the address of Doctor Crane Toldenbaum 
the cherry tart, and went off to prepare for his journey to DessertLand. 
        When he arrived in DessertLand, Zeke immediately noticed that it was 
not as nice a place as the name would suggest.   There were pastries all over 
the place smearing whipped cream over each other, and muffins continually 
approached him asking him how he had a good time. 
        "How perfectly unwholesome," thought Zeke.  "This whole place seems to 
be concerned with nothing but having fun and pleasing people.  I mean, where 
on earth do they get time to talk and socialize with all that going on?" 
        After a short stroll, and a few stops to interrupt some danishes and 
ask them directions, Zeke made his way over to the office of Doctor Crane 
Toldenbaum the cherry tart.  He walked in, left his name with the 
receptionist, and sat down. 
        "Meester Zeke the zoochini, please to be coming in?" came the sharp 
voice. 
        Zeke looked up to see a rather small and wrinkled cherry tart peering 
at him.  He followed Doctor Crane Toldenbaum the cherry tart into his office 
and sat down while the doctor closed the door behind him. 
        "Goodness gracious," said the doctor.  "A person from GardenLand! 
Tell me my boy, how is that old kraut, Doctor Graham Scott the granny smith 
apple doing these days?  I haven't seen him since, well, since I goofed up 
trying to convert that pea into a watermelon!"  He smiled dreamily.  "Ah yes, 
that gave me a whole new outlook on things.  I now just do minor cosmetic 
alterations to pastries so that they can pass for danishes you know." 
        "Well," began Zeke, "everything over in GardenLand is quite happy, and 
so is Doctor Graham Scott the granny smith apple, but the reason I came here 
was to ask if you wouldn't mind giving me a vegetable change operation.  You 
see, I want to be an eggplant." 
        Doctor Crane Toldenbaum the cherry tart jumped.  "An eggplant!  Oh 
dear my dear my!  Of all the things you could want to be, an eggplant!  Well, 
that would be very hard indeed, but I'm afraid that it just can't be done. 
You see, eggplants are purple, and while we could paint you, it would just 
wash off in the morning, and you'd be green again.  And besides, the chances 
of surviving such an operation are about 15 - 20%.  No my lad, go back to 
GardenLand, and live a full happy life as a zucchini.  I have work to do!" 
        And so, Zeke left the doctors office, walking down the street, dodging 
all the puffs of cream that came flying at him, and wading through the rivers 
of chocolate that littered the street.  He made his way back to GardenLand, 
and when he arrived, he saw Rosa Dee Anna the red delicious apple. 
        She walked up to him.  "Hi there!  How are you today?" 
        Zeke started.  "You're not mad at me for winning the contest?" 
        "Nah, besides, I'll win next year again.  So, where have you been for 
the past little while?  I have been trying to find you.  We're having a 
barbeque this weekend.  I mean, it's not like any of us are going to eat 
anything, but I still would like to have you come if you don't mind." 
        "Uh, okay, I've been out of town, but I'd love to come," said Zeke. 
        "Great!  So where you been?" 
        Zeke was just about to tell her the whole story when a large asteroid 
came crashing down on GardenLand turning it into instant guacamole.  And, 
seeing as nobody is really alive anymore, and that there's not much left to 
talk about (something for which the turnips and rutabegas are very happy for), 
there really wouldn't be much point to having a dumb, meaningful moral to this 
story. 
                                   The End. 
